Update import-hr-data.md (#11045)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/import-hr-data.md

You can also select **Edit** to change the Azure App ID or the column header names that you defined on the **File mapping** page.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you have trouble running the HR connector script, you can whitelist the URL 'https://webhook.ingestion.office.com' and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have trouble running the HR connector script, you can add the URL 'https://webhook.ingestion.office.com' to the allowlist and try again.
```
